docs: ES|QL Lens panels now support Discover drilldowns (#6352) (#6712)
elastic/docs-content: explore-analyze/dashboards/drilldowns.md

The following panel types support dashboard drilldowns:

* **Lens visualizations that use a data view**

> * {applies_to}`stack: ga 9.4` {applies_to}`serverless:` **Lens visualizations that use {{esql}}**

Author: ```suggestion
* {applies_to}`stack: ga 9.4` {applies_to}`serverless:` **Lens visualizations built with {{esql}}**
```

![Drilldown on bar vertical stacked chart that navigates to Discover](/explore-analyze/images/kibana-dashboard_discoverDrilldown_8.3.gif "")

The following panel types support Discover drilldowns:

* **Lens visualizations that use a data view**

> * {applies_to}`stack: ga 9.5` {applies_to}`serverless:` **Lens visualizations that use {{esql}}**

Author: ```suggestion
* {applies_to}`stack: ga 9.5` {applies_to}`serverless:` **Lens visualizations built with {{esql}}**
```

> {applies_to}`stack: ga 9.5` {applies_to}`serverless:` On {{esql}} panels, dashboard filters and the dashboard KQL or Lucene query are translated into a `WHERE` clause in the panel's ES|QL query, so the same context applies in **Discover**. Filters that can't be expressed in ES|QL are dropped. The **Explore in Discover** panel action applies the same translation.

Author: ```suggestion

    On {{esql}} panels, dashboard filters and the dashboard KQL or Lucene query are translated into a `WHERE` clause in the panel's ES|QL query, so the same context applies in **Discover**. Filters that can't be expressed in ES|QL are dropped. The **Explore in Discover** panel action applies the same translation.
```

::::{tip}

> To open all of the **Lens** dashboard panel data in **Discover** without setting up a drilldown, check [Open panel data in Discover](../visualize/manage-panels.md#explore-the-underlying-documents).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can [open Lens dashboard panel data in Discover](../visualize/manage-panels.md#explore-the-underlying-documents) without setting up a drilldown.
```

total nit: for brevity
